   Domain Name: TESTFIRE.NET
   Registry Domain ID: 8363973_DOMAIN_NET-VRSN
   Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.corporatedomains.com
   Registrar URL: http://www.cscglobal.com/global/web/csc/digital-brand-services.html
   Updated Date: 2018-07-19T05:42:26Z
   Creation Date: 1999-07-23T13:52:32Z
   Registry Expiry Date: 2019-07-23T13:52:32Z
   Registrar: CSC Corporate Domains, Inc.
   Registrar IANA ID: 299
   Registrar Abuse Contact Email: domainabuse@cscglobal.com
   Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: 8887802723
   Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Name Server: ASIA3.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: EUR2.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: EUR5.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: NS1-206.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: NS1-99.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: USC2.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: USC3.AKAM.NET
   Name Server: USW2.AKAM.NET
   DNSSEC: unsigned
   URL of the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint Form: https://www.icann.org/wicf/
>>> Last update of whois database: 2018-10-11T20:26:09Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

Domain Name: testfire.net
Registry Domain ID: 8363973_DOMAIN_NET-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.corporatedomains.com
Registrar URL: www.cscprotectsbrands.com
Updated Date: 2018-09-11T13:34:02Z
Creation Date: 1999-07-23T13:52:32Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2019-07-23T13:52:32Z
Registrar: CSC CORPORATE DOMAINS, INC.
Registrar IANA ID: 299
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: domainabuse@cscglobal.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.8887802723
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited http://www.icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: Not Disclosed Not Disclosed
Registrant Organization: Not Disclosed
Registrant Street: Not Disclosed
Registrant City: Armonk
Registrant State/Province: NY
Registrant Postal Code: 10504
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: Not Disclosed
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: Not Disclosed
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: Not Disclosed
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Not Disclosed Not Disclosed
Admin Organization: Not Disclosed
Admin Street: Not Disclosed
Admin City: Armonk
Admin State/Province: NY
Admin Postal Code: 10504
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: Not Disclosed
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: Not Disclosed
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: Not Disclosed
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Not Disclosed Not Disclosed
Tech Organization: Not Disclosed
Tech Street: Not Disclosed
Tech City: Armonk
Tech State/Province: NY
Tech Postal Code: 10504
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: Not Disclosed
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: Not Disclosed
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: Not Disclosed
Name Server: usc2.akam.net
Name Server: eur2.akam.net
Name Server: ns1-99.akam.net
Name Server: asia3.akam.net
Name Server: eur5.akam.net
Name Server: usc3.akam.net
Name Server: ns1-206.akam.net
Name Server: usw2.akam.net
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2018-09-11T13:34:02Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

Corporation Service Company(c) (CSC)  The Trusted Partner of More than 50% of the 100 Best Global Brands.

Contact us to learn more about our enterprise solutions for Global Domain Name Registration and Management, Trademark Research and Watching, Brand, Logo and Auction Monitoring, as well SSL Certificate Services and DNS Hosting.

NOTICE: You are not authorized to access or query our WHOIS database through the use of high-volume, automated, electronic processes or for the purpose or purposes of using the data in any manner that violates these terms of use. The Data in the CSC WHOIS database is provided by CSC for information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record. CSC does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree to abide by the following terms of use: you agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to CSC (or its computer systems). CSC reserves the right to terminate your access to the WHOIS database in its sole discretion for any violations by you of these terms of use. CSC reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

Register your domain name at http://www.cscglobal.com
